docs(v4): update changesets (#3688)
refinedev/refine: .changeset/olive-ants-remain.md

---
"@pankod/refine-medusa": minor
"@pankod/refine-nextjs-router": minor
"@pankod/refine-remix-router": minor
"@pankod/refine-cloud": minor
"@pankod/refine-inferencer": minor
"@pankod/refine-kbar": minor
"@pankod/refine-ui-tests": minor
---

> `AuthProvider` deprecated and renamed to `LegacyAuthProvider` with refine@4. Component and functions are updated to support `LegacyAuthProvider`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`AuthProvider` is renamed to `LegacyAuthProvider` with refine@4. Components and functions are updated to support `LegacyAuthProvider`.
```
